Creating RCV at a glance document and associated changes (#56)
ROCm/rocprof-compute-viewer: docs/how-to/troubleshooting.rst

Troubleshooting
***************

**Issue:** ``rocprofv3`` throws ``INVALID_SHADER_DATA``.

> **Solution:** The AQLprofile and ROCprof Trace Decoder versions are incompatible. Update both to matching ROCm release versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Solution:** Either aqlprofile or ROCprof Trace Decoder does not support the given device. Ensure ROCm version >= 7.0 and ROCprof Trace Decoder >= 0.2.0.
```
